You're proof that God has a sense of humor.
I've seen stupid before, but your honestly on a whole 'nother level.
You were rejected a lot as a kid weren't you?
In the land of stupid, you're a king among men.
Someday you'll go far and I hope you stay there.
I thought of you today and it reminded me to take out the trash.
I wonder if you'd be smarter if your parents were second cousins instead of first.
You're impossible to underestimate.
You're not the dumbest person on the planet, but you better hope he doesn't die.
You look like something I would draw with my left hand.
You have more dick in your personality than you do in your pants.
I'd say your as dumb as a rock, but a rock can hold a door open.
You have so many gaps in your teeth it looks like your tongue is in jail.
I’ll never forget the first time we met. But I’ll keep trying.
Don’t be ashamed of who you are. That’s your parents’ job.
If you’re going to be two-faced, at least make one of them pretty.
You are like a cloud. When you disappear, it’s a beautiful day.
Child, I’ve forgotten more than you ever knew.
You have miles to go before you reach mediocre.
When you look in the mirror, say hi to the clown you see in there for me, would ya?
Wow, your maker really didn’t waste time giving you a personality, huh?
Oops, my bad. I could’ve sworn I was dealing with an adult.
I’m an acquired taste. If you don’t like me, acquire some taste.
Yeah? Well, you smell like hot dog water.
Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes clean to the bone.
Oh, you don’t like being treated the way you treat me? That must suck.
“I’ve been called worse things by better men.”
If you have a problem with me, write the problem on a piece of paper, fold it, and shove it up your ass.
You have an entire life to be an idiot. Why not take today off?
No matter how much a snake sheds its skin, it’s still a snake.
You’re the reason this country has to put directions on shampoo.
If I wanted to hear from an asshole, I’d fart.
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
Your family tree must be a cactus because everybody on it is a prick.
Life is full of disappointments, and I just added you to the list.
I treasure the time I don’t spend with you.
The last time I saw something like you… I flushed.
